brad and those enchanted by fashion
the bite of fashion
and in this place is the sky all
we have the same amount to spend
so let's make a bet see you
here in an hour and who does the best
purchase wins what wins
never you but araya and a dead brownie
of chocolate but there can be no cheating
no use of magic
let's win the wing bet if I know
a superstore on the top floor
we see
what do you think flop inzko
who made you an expert
I also do not love it if it were blue
brad will know no red or green I love the
green
to the rack graces like
any customer
what a good watchdog you are
well done wingers and police station
dead I'm from the baby is mine
wear it with the super beige dress that
you will buy tomorrow, you need all the help
possible
I'm dying to show you what I bought
They will love it for sure they will win the cappuccino
Spider
if it was prince craft and the brownie too
and Mexican
there is
hey we say in magic
I feel I was on the top floor and not
I wanted to be late I do not know about you
girls but the expectation is killing
I took everything out to the account of 31
girls are dead
2 get ready for a fashion class
and those enchanted by fashion